Amy: Previously on "Heartland".
- Can you believe it?
We're standing in our
living room right now.
I'm gonna be looking
at this view,
drinking my morning coffee.
- It's pretty amazing.
- You guys have gotten way
too big for your boots.
And it's gonna come back
and bite you.
It's gonna bite you hard.
- Mount Royal University,
turns out they are still
accepting applications.
- (Exhales)
Mom put you up to this,
didn't she?
- No.
Yes, yes of course she did.
- Why do you pretend like
your sister never existed?
Jack: That's not true.
- Well, you never talk
about her.
Not even with your own family.
I... why I don't get it.
- Because it was my fault.
The reason June died
was my fault.
(Birds chirp)
(Approaching hooves thud)
- (Phoenix snorts)
(Soft whinny)
(Hoove thuds echo)
(Tack jingles)
**
(Hooves rustle in the foliage)
(Phoenix snorts)
**
- Where are they?
(Phoenix snorts)
(Patrons chatter, dishes clank)
- You know,
this whole "date" thing
works better when there is
two people involved.
Ty: (Small chuckle)
I know, I know. Sorry.
- (Small chuckle)
We made the right call, Ty.
- Really?
- We did.
It's not like it's forever.
- Telling our contractor
to stop building our home
feels pretty final to me.
- Well, it's not.
And Lee knows that.
We just need time
to get back on our feet.
And clients will return.
It'll all be back to normal.
You'll see.
- Amy, there's only one reason
we can't afford
to build our home right now.
It's me.
I wanted to take Kirk on
as a client.
I didn't listen to you.
- That's not true.
- Well, it's not not true.
Can I get a coffee, please?
- Sure thing.
- Thanks.
(Knocking)
- Peter.
Yeah. Hi.
- Here, drink this.
- What's going on?
- I need you caffeinated.
Georgie's out for a ride
we need to talk to her
as soon as she gets back.
It's game time.
- (Sighs) Right.
Um, listen, I know this trip
is all about
getting Georgie focused
and everything,
maybe we shouldn't ambush her,
okay?
- Her college application.
- Why do you have it?
- I found it putting away
laundry in her room.
Shoved under her bed.
- Huh.
Doesn't laundry usually
go in drawers?
- No. Peter,
the-the pages are blank.
She hasn't even started
to fill it out yet.
I mean, this is...
this is her last chance
to apply anywhere for fall.
And she is missing it.
We have to talk to her. Now.
- Okay. Can I get dressed?
- Yes. Yeah.
- Okay.
- I'll wait here.
- I'm sure you will.
- Okay.
(Patrons chatter)
- Coffee, please?
Waitress: You got it.
- Ty. Ty, don't.
- (Sighs) What do you want?
- Look, we need to talk.
- No we don't.
- Yes we do.
I want this to stop. Okay?
Those anonymous posts,
the negative comments?
I know you wrote them.
You need to take them down.
- I don't need to do anything.
- Look, okay. I'm sorry.
This has been all a big
misunderstanding.
If you can just please
take them down.
That would be great.
I-I appreciate that.
- Oh well, since you said
the magic word.
No. I told the truth.
And people need to know
who you two really are.
In fact...
hey, listen, every one!
- Hold on!
- These two, right here?
Almost killed my horse.
- Kirk... stop!
- And this one.
Horse whisperer?!
More like horse killer.
- That's enough, all right!
- Ooh! Ooh!
Tough guy, now? Are we?
- Get out of my face, okay?
- That's enough!
- Violent, also!
See that, folks?
- Hey! Time to leave.
Kirk: Tim...
- Time to leave.
Kirk: I'm just trying to get
a cup of coffee.
That's all.
- What the hell is wrong
with you? Huh?
(Warning alarm sounds)
- Environment Canada has issued
a severe storm watch
for the Foothills area.
Funnel clouds have been
reported
in the Bragg Creek region.
And potential tornado activity
could continue
as far east as Millarville
and perhaps Hudson.
Residents in this area
shaded in red
are advised to prepare
themselves and stay vigilant
as this storm approaches.
- Okay. We need to get back
to Heartland. Now.
- Yeah.
**
* And at the break of day
you sank into... *
* Your dream *
* You dreamer *
* Oh, oh, oh, oh... *
- So, how much time do we have?
- A few hours,
it's hard to say.
- Honestly, Jack,
I've looked everywhere.
Will's horses have
just disappeared.
- Well, if that's true,
then the storm is coming
right through here.
Horses are better
than any weatherman.
So I found all
the window boards.
- Well, that's a bit extreme,
isn't it, Jack?
- When you hear "funnel cloud",
you can't be too prepared.
Now, I'm gonna need some
help in the barn.
- Yeah. I can do that.
- Me too.
- No. We need an extra set
of hands at the dude ranch.
Right, Peter?
- Yeah. Yeah,
you should come with us.
Jack: Okay. That means Tim,
Ty... you're on house duty.
Start with the windows.
- Mom, I'm coming with you guys.
- No, honey.
You'll be safer at home.
- Please, the storm
doesn't scare me.
- You okay, Luke?
- I'm fine. I just wanna help.
- All right. Well, why don't
you look after Lyndy
while we prep the ranch, okay?
- Okay.
- All right.
Less talk. More action.
- All right. There you go.
Amy: All right, Lyndy,
you stay here with Luke.
- (Whispers) Come here.
Hey.
- What?
- I just wanna make sure you're
still on board with our plan.
- On board? What? What? Now?
- Yeah, of course.
We can prep for the storm
and talk to Georgie.
Two birds, one stone.
- No. We're not gonna coerce
our daughter
into making life choices in
the middle of a tornado, Lou.
- Peter. It is literally now
or never.
You're leaving tomorrow!
- Oh. Can we just deal with one
storm at a time here?
Okay, fine.
Yeah, we can talk about it
if it comes up
in the natural course of
conversation.
It has to be organic.
Don't force it.
- Organic. Yes, absolutely.
Ty: Amy, wait.
Listen, we need to talk about
what happened at Maggie's.
- Do we?
- Kirk shouldn't have called us
out like that.
- And you shouldn't have let
him push your buttons.
I told you not to go over
there, Ty!
- Amy, I was defending you!
- And I appreciate that, but--
- Did you hear what he said?!
- Yeah.
And what were you gonna do?!
What were you thinking, huh?!
You gonna go over there
and just start a fight
in the middle of the diner?
- Amy, I wasn't thinking!
Okay? Kirk makes me crazy.
He was insulting you.
What did you want me to do?
- No.
You know, I do not wanna have
this conversation right now.
We have way too much
to get done.
Tim: Ty! Windows. Now.
- All right!
(Remi barks in the distance)
(Boards thud)
(Screen door shuts)
- All right, tools are packed.
The wind's picking up
so we better get going.
- Okay.
Georgie, let's go!
- Come on, girls, let's go!
- I should really be staying
with Amy and Ty
if they're gonna be letting
the horses go.
- Let them go?
Why would they do that?
- It's what you do
during big storms.
- We're gonna be back in plenty
of time to help, okay?
Let's go.
Can you get the door?
Thank you.
(Drill whirs)
- Hey, are you okay?
- (Sighs) I'm fine.
Could ask you the same thing.
- Oh, I'm all right.
This isn't my first storm,
you know.
- I meant about June, Grandpa.
We haven't talked about
what you told me.
- You know,
I shouldn't have said anything.
Just forget it.
Besides, this is definitely
not the time.
- Fine.
(Dramatic whoosh)
**
- Yeah. We-we're fine.
No-no-no.
Don't cut your parents'
visit short for me.
Yes, we'll stay safe.
I promise.
I know. I wish you could
be here, too.
- Lou! Can I have the--
- Yeah.
Okay. I gotta go. Yeah.
I love you.
Okay, bye.
(Beeps phone off)
- The "l-word," huh?
Things are good between you
and Mitch, I guess?
- Yeah. Yeah,
they're really good.
And you and Jen?
Things are good there, too?
- Uh, yeah. Amazing.
- Um, guys, what about these
planters?
They're like a million pounds.
- They're fine.
But I'm loving how motivated
you've been today.
Right, Peter?
- Yeah.
- And speaking of motivated...
how's that college
application coming?
It's due soon, right?
You know, if you need any help
hashing things out,
Peter and I are always happy
to help.
- No it's okay.
No help needed.
- Okay.
- Okay, hon.
Real organic, Lou.
(Drawer bangs shut)
- Hey, Ty,
there is still work to do
out here.
We gotta-we gotta move those
jumps out of the ring.
- I'm sorry, I can't right now.
I gotta put this paperwork away.
- Look, I know where you were
coming from this morning.
Trust me.
It was all I could do not
to punch Kirk myself. But...
it's not how you fix this.
- I know.
- Okay. Good.
But I hope you know it still
needs to be fixed and soon.
It can't go on like this.
Your business is non-existent.
Your house plans are cancel--
- Tim, I know. Okay?
And I know what I gotta do.
- Well, good, do it fast.
For Amy's sake.
She didn't asked
for any of this.
- Any of what?
- Tim.
- Yep.
- What is going on?
- There's something I gotta do
before this storm hits, okay?
Kirk posted another comment.
This time using his real name.
He's threatening to take out a
restraining order against us.
- Are you kidding me?
- Amy I gotta do something.
I'm not gonna sit back
and let this guy bury us.
- Yeah, but what are you
gonna do?
- I'm gonna go
and I'm gonna talk to him.
- Ty?
- I'm just gonna talk, okay?
I'm gonna talk,
I'm gonna clear the air.
Make peace. Okay?
Before he posts anything more.
- I don't like this, Ty.
The storm is coming.
- There is time, okay?
I got this.
I have to do this, all right?
It's the only way
to make him stop.
- No. We need you here. Ty?
- Amy, this is gonna break us.
Okay?
I need to fix this.
Or we'll break.
Okay?
- Okay.
(Thunder rumbles
in the distance)
- Okay.
(Car door opens and shuts,
engine turns)
(Tires crunch, engine rumbles)
**
(Dramatic whoosh)
(Footsteps thud lightly)
Tim: Hey... Jack!
Come on. Give me a hand
with this stuff, huh?
Tonne of it up here.
Hey, what's with you?
- Nothin'.
Yeah. I don't know why
you're prepping the cellar.
The Storm might not even be
that bad.
- Amy, where's Ty?
- He went to go see Kirk.
- What? Now?!
Oh, that-that's not gonna
turn out well.
(Effort grunts,
doors thud heavily)
Jack, come on!
- Last time we were all
here together...
was when Georgie had
that broken arm, right?
- Agh! I think you're right.
That was a long ago, huh?
- And I caught a fish...
even with my cast.
- Yeah. That was a fun day.
- (Lou giggles)
You know, I think that story
says a lot about you, Georgie.
And just how determined
you've always been.
And I know that you're gonna
take that determination
with you when you do...
whatever it is you do next.
- Thanks, Mom.
(Engine rumbles)
(Cuts engine,
door opens and shuts)
(Wind gusts)
- Hey! What the hell
do you think you're doing
on my property?
- Look, I don't wanna fight,
Kirk.
I just wanna talk.
- I wasn't joking
about that restraining order.
I won't be harassed.
- I'm not trying to harass you,
okay? I just wanna solve this.
There's gotta be something
I can do.
- There isn't. So go.
I've gotta deal with my horses
before this storm hits.
- How is Sarge? Our horse
has made a full recovery.
It would set my mind at ease
if I could just take a look
at him.
You know, make sure
he's all right.
- Do you really think
I give a damn
about the state of your mind?
Huh?!
All I care about is seeing
you gone. Now!
- All right.
- Go!
**
(Door opens and shuts)
- (Stress exhale)
(Wind gusts)
**
Reporter: ...and a revised
extreme weather alert
is being issued for the area.
Funnel clouds have
touched down--
- It's getting worse out there.
- Yeah. Listen to this.
- Residents are now urged
to take shelter immediately.
Your local community centers
are open to--
- Lou. Yeah.
No. You guys just--
No, stay there.
Get in a cabin.
- I have to call Ty.
- Amy, we need to turn those
horses out.
And we don't have much time.
(Wind gusts)
(Horses whinny)
- Come on!
Go! Go! Ha!
(Horses whinny)
- No! Jack, stop!
- Get back! Stay back!
- No! Don't let him go!
Please? Don't!
- Get up! Get up!
Get out of here!
Amy: Luke, it's okay.
- No, isn't!
Ty told me that horses
can't survive on their own.
- It's okay, they are much
safer outside in a storm
than in the barn... I promise.
Jack: Luke, listen!
- If anything happens to Boots,
I'll never forgive you.
Ever!
(Wind gusts)
- Come on!
(Engine rumbles)
- Hey, Amy.
I saw I missed your call.
I'm heading home now, okay?
Listen, this was a mistake.
I shouldn't have come I--
(Warning alarm sounds)
Reporter: This is an Alberta
emergency alert!
Environment Canada has
updated the tornado alert.
- Come on! Move.
- Safety warning
in full effect.
Residents are advised to seek
shelter immediately.
Kirk: Come on now!
(Horses whinny)
Damn you, move! Move!
- Kirk!
(Pained grunt)
(Horses whinny)
- Kirk! You okay?
- Yeah.
- Come on! Let's go!
Let's go!
Gotta take shelter!
Luke! Wait!
- Ty left a message.
- Luke!
- He's on his way.
- Grandpa, there is no cell
service down there.
I gotta tell Ty where we are.
- This isn't a game!
We have to get down here.
- No!
- Luke, get back here!
- Boots!
Tim: Jack!
- It's okay. No, it's okay.
- I can't. Grandpa I can't
get a hold of Ty.
- Amy, we have to go.
- But he doesn't know
where we are.
- These kids need you strong...
right now.
(Wind gusts)
- Give her to me!
- Luke!
- Boots!
Hey! I know you're scared,
okay?
But we have to be brave.
Come on!
You need to be strong.
Remi, come on, let's go!
Let's go.
(Remi barks)
Remi!
Come on!
Remi come!
Come on. Let's go!
- (Barks)
(Struggling grunts)
- Please, Amy.
I gotta go find Boots.
- No!
- He's all alone out there.
- No, it is too dangerous,
okay? He'll be fine.
- Jack, you never told me you
had a home office down here.
This where you've been
writing your memoirs?
(Wind gusts outside)
(Dramatic whoosh)
(June giggles)
(Approaching running footsteps)
- Jack! Get out, Jack!
It's private!
- Oh, come on!
You don't have any secrets!
- Oh, is that what you think?
Oh Jack! Jack--No! No-no!
No! No! No!
Give it back!
Jack!
Jack! (June giggles)
Okay.
(Overlapping echoed laughter)
- Hey, get off! I'm fine!
(Horses whinny)
- We need to get the horses
out of the barn now!
- Would you just go!
- You're not gonna be able
to handle them alone, Kirk.
- Okay? Especially Sarge.
I can help.
- I don't need your damn help!
- We need to move.
(Wind gusts)
(Debris thuds hard
against the window)
- (Frightened gasp)
- Whoa-ho-ho-ho! Wow!
Hey, you know what?
Katie is right.
It's been a long time since
we've all been here together.
We should make the best of it,
right?
Isn't there board games
here somewhere?
- Yeah.
- Georgie and I are gonna
sit this one out.
'Cause we have some stuff
to talk about.
- That's actually a great idea.
What kind of board games
you got?
- Let's hope it's
"The Game of Life".
- Okay! Seriously, Mom.
Can we cool it
with the college talk?
- What college talk?
- You're not subtle.
Can't you just give me time
to make my own decisions
about my own life?
- No. Georgie,
because time is up, okay?
- Dad hasn't hounded me once
since being home!
Because he actually believes
that I know what I'm doing.
- Georgie, your dad isn't
just here just to have fun
vacation with the family, okay?
He's here to help me stage
an intervention.
- An intervention!?
- Okay, that's a pretty strong
word but--
- I don't believe this.
- Ever since coming home
from Europe
you have been floundering, okay?
You used to have so much
purpose and direction.
And then Phoenix got sick
and Kim walked away--
- Kim did not walk away. I did.
- Fine. But ever since then
it's like you've stopped caring.
About show jumping
or college or anything.
- That's not fair.
- Sweetheart, we're just-
we're just concerned.
- Yes. Especially since you
didn't handed in
your college application.
- How do you know
I didn't handed it in?
**
- Daddy coming?
- Daddy should be here soon,
Sweetheart.
- I hope not.
He'd be taking his life in
his hands driving right now.
(Wind gusts outside,
objects clatter)
- I have to get Boots!
- Hey! Luke!
You've gotta stop!
- Let go of me!
- Listen! Listen to me!
You cannot go out there!
Do you understand?!
You'll get hurt or even worse.
- What do you care?
You don't even like me anymore.
Not since I found
that stupid box.
- (Yells) Get away from that!
- (Gasps)
(Horse whinnies nervously)
- Easy boy! Easy!
(Wood clatters)
Here!
- I got it! I got it!
Don't let yours get away
from you!
Come on!
(Horse grunts)
- Come on, pull 'em out!
- Come on, horse!
Stay away! Stay away!
(Horse whinnies nervously)
- Come on!
Sarge! Here we go!
Let's go!
(Wind howls outside)
- (Softly) Grandpa.
- You need to know...
that I loved my sister
very much.
Growing up,
it always felt like...
me and June against the world.
Especially against our father.
He was tough.
He was... he was a tough man.
Real old school when it came
to discipline.
I tell you that.
He drank a fair bit.
And that's when you really
wanted to steer clear.
June and I we...
we tried to avoid him
as best we could.
I got into rodeo. And...
she came down here.
I set up that desk for her.
So she could get some peace...
away from Dad.
Writing and drawing that...
that was her passion.
But she also loved horses.
She had a way with them.
I saw so much of her in Marion
and now in you.
I got a chance to rodeo
in the states:
Nashville, Tennessee.
But she knew that me leaving
meant she had to stay,
help Dad on the ranch.
But she wanted me to go.
She... she was so sure
I would win it all.
I...
I just didn't realise that...
that would mean losing her.
(Spinner rattles)
- (Tight exhales)
- I still can't believe you
guys went through my things.
- That's your take away
from this?
- For all you know I could've
submitted online!
- Well, did you?
- No...
- Sweetheart, we're just
worried about you, okay?
You've always been so goal
orientated. Now we feel like
maybe you don't know
what you want anymore.
- We just wanna make sure that
you're on the right path.
- I can't win with you guys!
- What is that supposed
to mean?
When I'm driven and motivated,
you say I'm too intense.
And now, that I'm taking a
break, I'm not intense enough!
- There's a difference between
taking a break,
and getting completely
left behind.
- I won't get left behind!
- If you don't hand in
that application, you won't
eligible for late admission.
- And what happens then?
- I don't know, okay?!
- Okay, calm down--
- No.
I don't have all the answers.
But is that so bad?
Can you guys really tell me,
that you've always stayed
on "the right path"?
- This isn't about us--
- No!
You can't sit there and tell me
that you haven't questioned
what you wanted in life.
Because last time I checked,
you two are divorced,
so you've been known
to change your minds.
Both: (Laughing)
- It's a good point.
- Yeah. It's true.
Well-played.
- (Small chuckle)
- Grandpa, how did June die?
- She was helping our dad
pick rocks from the field.
We used this old homemade
stone boat,
it was pulled by a team
of horses.
That day, June was driving.
It was her first time.
(Horse whinnies)
Team got away on her.
She was dragged.
(Hooves thunder)
- I'm so sorry.
- With June gone,
Dad's drinking got worse.
Until he was pretty much
addicted,
and almost cost us this ranch.
You know, I didn't ask
to be a rancher.
But it was on me to keep
Heartland running.
I didn't have a choice.
Besides, I owed it to June.
She loved this place so much.
- And you didn't?
- No.
Up until then, I wanted out.
Took a little time but...
I eventually realized that
even in death,
June had given me a gift.
She gave me this ranch,
this family,
this life.
She made me who I am.
- I don't know how you can
blame yourself for her death,
you weren't even here.
- Driving the stone boat
was my job. I was gone.
She took my place.
And it got her killed.
- C'mon, Jack...
that doesn't mean
it's your fault.
- If I hadn't left,
she would be alive.
(Wood clatters,
wind gusts outside)
And that...
is something I have had
to live with
for a long time.
(Wood clatters,
wind gusts outside)
(Horse whinnies)
Ty: Switch him around!
- I've got him!
- Come on!
- I got him! I got him!
C'mon, Sarge!
Ty: Let's go, come on!
Come on, boy! Move!
- Come on, Sarage!
Come on.
Come on, Sarage!
- Come on! Let's go!
(Wood creaking)
- We gotta get out of here now.
- I'm not leaving without
Sarge!
Come on, Sarge!
Do it for Carla!
Do it for Carla.
(Sarge whinnies)
(Wood crashes)
Come on!
Oh! Oof!
(Loud crash)
**
(Ominous music, wind howls)
(Electricity flickers)
- There she is.
(Small laugh)
- What's this, Grandpa?
- June's journal.
She took this with her
everywhere.
She was always real secretive
about what she put in there.
But one day she did
show me this.
I decided to make that
the symbol for Heartland.
Guess it was my way of...
keeping her here with me.
(Electricity fizzles)
(Thunder rumbles)
**
(Wind howls fiercely)
(Pained grunts)
(Objects clatter
in the distance)
- (Effort grunts)
Kirk!
(Objects clatter
in the distance)
Hey! Hey!
Kirk, wake up!
(Wood boards clatter)
(Effort grunts)
(Overlapping talking)
(Loud thunder booms)
- Whoa! Wow!
- We're gonna blow away!
- (Chuckles)
No we're not.
- They did in
"The Wizard of Oz."
- Aw... we're okay, honey.
- It's nice, you know.
Being together.
Relax. I'm not asking you guys
to get remarried or whatever.
(All chuckle)
I just miss being a family
like this sometimes.
You'll go back to Vancouver.
Georgie will go to college...
- Or not...
which is fine... could be fine.
- I wanna go to college, Mom.
- Then what's holding you back?
- I don't know.
Maybe I'm sad like Katie
that things changing.
College just seems really...
final.
- Why?
- Saying I wanna go
to college means
saying goodbye to competing.
- What? No it doesn't have to.
- It does if I wanna compete
at the level
that I reached at Euro-camp.
Europe was amazing.
I thought it would take me
to the Olympics.
But...
when I got back,
everything kinda fell apart.
It made me realise that
that dream was silly.
And college isn't silly.
College is real.
- Georgie, you don't have
choose one or the other.
If anyone can juggle show
jumping and freshman year,
you can.
- Your mom's right, sweetheart.
You can handle anything.
From psych 101 to competing...
to meddling parents...
- (Small laugh)
- (Effort grunts)
Kirk, wake up!
Hey!
Hey! Wake up!
- What?!
- Come on, I can't move!
I know. I need your help
to get this off of us, okay?
We gotta push on three!
Okay?
- Okay!
- One, two, three...
(Big effort grunts)
- I can't.
- Come on! Push harder!
One, two, three...
(Big effort grunts)
- Ty!
(Pained grunts)
- Come on! Come on!
(Tired grunts)
(Loud crashing)
- Come on!
Go!
**
Come on! Inside!
(Wind howls outside)
- What?
Jack, what is it?
- It's June's last entry.
She wrote it on the day
she died.
(Reads) "Dad's letting me help.
I'll be out in the fields today.
Just like Jack!
He's down in Nashville
and I know he'll win big
because this is Jack's chance...
to shine."
**
I can't...
I can't do it.
I'm sorry.
- (Reads) "I was proud to help
Jack in my own small way,
working with his horse
before they left.
Someday I'm gonna help other
horses, too...
when I run Heartland.
(Amy's voice turns to June)
Jack wants rodeos and travel,
but I want this place.
That's my dream.
The secret I whisper
in the dark at night.
The secret I haven't
told anyone.
They'd say "impossible"!
A woman rancher!
But now I have a chance
to show Dad and Jack.
Prove I can be as good
as both of them.
(Turns back to Amy)
I was sad to see Jack go,
but he's given me such
a gift in leaving."
- Jack... go!
- Don't you see, Grandpa?
Following your dream
allowed June to follow hers.
You gave June her big chance.
- Big chance for what?
- Well, Jack,
June died doing
what she loved to do.
Wouldn't we all choose
to go that way if we could?
- She didn't resent you
for leaving, Grandpa.
She was happy.
And I think somehow,
she wanted you to know that.
- (Mournful sigh)
(Leaves rustle in the wind)
(Door creaks open)
- (Exhales) Oh...
Why is it every time
you're around,
something horrible happens
to me?
- (Small chuckle)
- (Sighs) Look at this.
- Hey Kirk... you...
you mentioned a name
in the barn.
Carla?
Who is that?
- My wife.
Sarge... he was her horse.
(Horses whinny)
She died.
Last winter.
- I'm-I'm sorry to hear that.
- That damn horse.
Every time I look at him,
I see her.
That's why I wanted
to sell him.
Get rid of him.
- But you saved him, Kirk.
- Yeah, I did, didn't I?
(Small chuckle) Funny, huh?
Hey.
Ty...
you saved him, too.
You saved them all...
including me.
You were the hero today.
I know that.
I'm gonna make sure everyone
else does, too.
**
(Door opens and shuts)
- (Relieved exhales)
**
(Doors creak open)
- Well, looks like the house
weathered the storm.
I can say the same for you.
- Very funny. I'm fine.
Hey, Luke,
you better go find boots.
- Well, if that horse
has blown away,
it's on you.
- Boots!
- Grandpa.
- C'mon, missy. Let's get
a little fresh air.
- Grandpa I... I'm sorry
I didn't mean to push
down there about June.
- June's words
were something I've wanted
to hear my entire life...
and I can't thank you enough.
(Phone vibrates)
- Ty... I'm sorry.
- You better talk to him.
(Phone beeps on)
- Ty, are you all right!
Yeah!
Yeah, we're okay.
Yeah, we're fine.
(Dramatic whoosh)
- (Small chuckle)
(Running footsteps
crunch in the gravel)
(Sighs)
- (Exhales) What a mess.
- Yeah. I'll clean it up.
Georgie: Mom! Dad! Let's go!
- Yeah, We're coming!
Hey listen, thank you
so much for helping me
navigate everything
with the girls today.
No, you were great.
- So were you.
- It's hard to believe last
time we were here,
we were about to break up.
But we put on a brave face
for the kids, right?
I think we still do.
- I agree. Yeah.
- I'm proud of us.
You know, I mean it's not
the most conventional set up,
but somehow,
we make it work, right?
- I think so. Yeah.
(Small chuckles)
- I really love you, you know.
- I love you, too.
(Phone vibrates, chimes)
- I should take this.
- Yeah.
(Beeps phone on)
- Mitch! Hi!
Yeah. I know.
It's a-it's a disaster.
It's still super windy here,
but...
**
(Drill whirs)
Luke: Look! Jack!
I found Boots!
- Yeah, I knew he wouldn't
be far.
- You are one lucky guy.
Amy: Ty!
(Truck rumbles up)
(Shuts engine off, door slams)
- Hey! You're hurt!
Did you fight?
- No. We didn't fight.
- Okay. Are you okay?
- I'm fine. I'm fine.
In fact...
I have a feeling we're both
gonna be fine from now on.
**
Both: (Laugh)
* I look around to find
the way it all began *
* The years,
they've turned *
* Like the heart of man *
* But I'll say
that I'm grateful *
* For the time that has past *
* And I'll stay right
where I am *
**
* Well, I raise my glass *
* With the unfortunate ones *
* We're broken and tired... *
- How are things looking up
here?
- Not too much damage, really?
Of course, I guess, there
wasn't that much to ruin.
Jack.
Those things you said
about your dad.
I had no idea.
That his drinking could've cost
you the ranch.
That you were,
you were dealing with that.
Marion never said.
- Well, she didn't' say
because she didn't know.
What's it to you, anyway?
- I don't know.
Guess maybe it just sheds
a little light
on why you took such a hard
line on me and my addictions
all those years ago.
Why you wanted Marion to cut me
out of her life so completely.
I guess... maybe I just
understand you a bit more.
- Yeah, you think so?
- Yeah.
Yeah, who knows?
One day I might understand you
completely.
- (Small laugh)
Well, be careful
what you wish for.
(Horses whinny)
* Win or lose
it's a hell of a game *
* The roads we choose *
* They all end up the same *
* So rest your hearts *
* On the family name *
* We'll find our way *
* Back to home *
(Horse whinny,
hooves thunder)
* We'll find our way *
* Back to home *